alen.viner, alon.shevach
Alen Viner (203637822), Alon Shevach (205954209)

1.	Threads are used to perform more than one task at a time by a single process. For example,
 processing multiple requests at a time by a web server. Using threads is a reasonable choice since we do not want
  request to delay one another and make some requests "wait in line" while we answer another – we want every request to
  be answered as soon as possible. That also helps us deal with unstable and unpredictable amount of request and share
  our resources dynamicly.

2.	Advantages of creating a new process for each tab:
-	The processes are protected from each other and do not share the same address space. That means that one tab cannot
    override or corrupt in some way the memory used by another tab.
disadvantages of creating a new process for each tab:
-	It is slower to create and to terminate a new process than to create or to terminate a new kernel thread.
-	There is more overhead to switching between processes than switching between kernel threads.
-	Processes require the operating system to communicate. Communication between kernel threads can be done more
    efficently.

3.  opening the shell creates a new process by the os, so this means a system call is being sent.
    When typing the commands, a keyboard sends interrupts to the OS, whichhandles these interrupts with handlers,
    sends the command to the output stream which ends up as output in the monitor.
    After sending the command, the shell sends a system call to the OS for it to look for a program with name
    ps and parameters -A, the program then uses system call, from OS the information
    about the processes which are currently active. Then this information is flushed to the output
    stream.
    The kill pid command, sends a kill() system call to OS, OS handles that and sends a signal
    (SIGTERM) the cpu's signal handler will catch it and will preform a "cleanup" before shutting
    the process down, this process then terminates.


4:  The difference between 'virtual' and 'real' time is that 'real' time is measuring all the time a thread
    is using the CPU, while 'virtual' time doesn't measure the overhead time.
    The overhead time is the time when a thread isn't doing its purpose, like context switching,
    spending time in system calls and more.

    usage for real time: when we want to measure the total time it takes for the process to run, we will use real time.
    for instance if we have limited time for running some process in the future, we will use the real time to
    measure how much time we will need, because the virtual time wont give us the right amount.
    usage for virtual time: if we would like to measure the actual running time of a process or to compare the
    running time of two different processes we will use virtual time, the real time wont help us alot in this case.


